Add getting started documents for IDP (#1996)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/getting-started/enable-docs.md

---

> title: Enable the Docs for your component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enable documentation for your component
```

> description: Learn how you can enable the TechDocs plugin to show your markdown docs under the "Docs" tab on the catalog page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how you can enable the TechDocs plugin to show your markdown docs on the Docs tab of the catalog page.
```

sidebar_position: 40
helpdocs_topic_id:
helpdocs_category_id:
helpdocs_is_private: false
helpdocs_is_published: true
---

> By default, the "Docs" tab in your catalog will be empty for a new software component. However, let's quickly get our markdown docs rendered for the component on the "Docs" page in the catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Docs tab in your catalog does not include documentation for a new software component. However, you can quickly publish Markdown documentation to the Docs tab.
```
Global comment: do not enclose names of UI elements (in this case, the Docs tab) in quotation marks.

Author: Got it, thanks!

![](static/docs-empty.png)

> 

Reviewer: To publish documentation to the Docs tab, follow these steps:
